feat: update client to include rlp_encoded_tx (#320)
coinbase/coinbase-sdk-nodejs: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- Fixed a bug where the asset ID was not being set correctly for Gwei and Wei

> - Added `rlp_encoded_tx` field to `EthereumTransaction` interface

Reviewer: **nit**: This isn't really a fix, but more so an addition.

We should also use the imperative tense (e.g. `Fixed a bug...` should be `Fix bug...`)

```suggestion

### Added
- Adds a `rlp_encoded_tx` field to `EthereumTransaction` content
```

Author: Ahh missed the section. Will fix. Also I think "Add a" might be more appropriate than a "Adds a"  ?
